Regarding PHP:
	John seems to want PHP because of that one site he saw. 
	It would be useful assuming we have a SQL database of some sort set up
	- but what would actually be in the database?
	
	I'm sure there are all kinds of things we can do with a database, but
	for the actual functionality/purpose of the site, I can only see 2
		uses.
	
	1). Which John already is sort of thinking of - a table of all the
	ambassadors names, facts, and picture. 
		The additional information to the name/picture may prove need
		enough, instead of having some text file or data struct, or
		...something, the database tables might be easier to
		update/maintain, plus it's kinda cool

	2). Question submission. This would be a pretty big, but cool thing to
	implement - mainly due to security concerns. 
	A user could submit some sort of text field, name, email, question,
	etc. and can bd stored in the database - then who knows what we would
	do with it then
		There could also be a chat functionality - if we get that up
		and running, we're golden in website functionality (at least
		in our personal skills)

	So, in short - I guess, for now, we'll go with a PHP/MySQL approach
	It should be easy enough - our Purdue web.ics webspace already allows
	for PHP and MySQL accounts, so we're set there (although the
		permissions are goofy - so for sure refer back to that email)
	Plus, it seems what John wants (although, we have more authority - so
	we could override it)
	But the PHP can provide additional functionality in the future,
	potentially/technically (even though I don't see for what really)

	And since it works just the same (kinda) as *.html or whatever, it
	actually doesn't matter in the least

	To be concerned for the very distant future - if we actually do build
	this site, the concern is when it's hosted on a different server, by
	Purdue for Purdue - but since that's ITaP or whomever - it's out of
	our hands, not out problem, and they will get it working, so it's
	actually not an issue.

	TL;DR: Using PHP, no (actual) downside, we could do something
	'interesting' with it

Regarding MySQL:
	PHP is useless if there is no server for the server-side code to
	reference (well, not actually, but... yeah)

	The obvious answer to what needs to be dynamically created with the
	the PHP are the profiles of the ambassadors
	This can easily be divided into 3 sections

	1). Name
	2). Info - Blurb/major/interests, etc. - this can be divided into
	sub-categories
	3). Reference to picture 
		The database doesn't store the picture itself, but the name of
		the photo(s) associated with the ambassador
		These will be stored in directory system 
		Probably something along the lines of 
		./assets/imgs/profiles/*.png
		./assets/imgs/sprites/*.png
		All photos in the same place, then sub-categorized by the type
		of the photo
		Then there will be a naming system for each photo - for
		standardization, etc.
		Something like
		ed-flanagan_profile.png
		ed-flanagan_spite.png
		Then need the conditional for multiple same names - so just
		increment a number cound
		
	Another decision would be the heirarchy of profiles - what are they
	organized by? The order?
	Here are some possibilities:
	Join date (senority)
	Name (alphabetical)
	...That's all I have for now, 
	Then of course multiple organizations - so Senority, then gender, then
	name
	All these attributes can be stored in the table - so here's another
	benefit

I was going to add other stuff, but I forgot what it was...
Build the site, make it pretty - add pictures and junk

	
